Add AUR package to README.md (#5)
Beinsezii/NieR-Cursors: README.md

## Installing
Download the [release](https://github.com/Beinsezii/NieR-Cursors/releases) archive for your operating system
 - Linux: Unpack the archive and put the folder in your user icons folder (usually `~/.icons/`), then pick the cursor theme with whatever desktop/theme manager you use.

>      - Arch Linux has an [AUR package](https://aur.archlinux.org/packages/nier-cursors-bin) available to install the cursors system wide.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
     - Arch Linux has a 3rd-party [AUR package](https://aur.archlinux.org/packages/nier-cursors-bin) available to install the cursors system wide.
```
